Thus far in our application, we always worked in the browser only.
That means that we control all our data with Angular,
we store our data somewhere in memory in the browser and it also means that whenever we restart the
application, all our data is gone.
It also means that we can't persist data anywhere
and of course, a typical requirement of an application you're building would be that the front-end,
so the part that runs in the browser, which is your Angular app, that this does not work standalone but
that it is able to communicate to some server to store data there, to fetch data from there, to do whatever
you need to do in your application
and that is exactly what we'll have a look at in this module. We'll learn how Angular communicates with
a back-end, with a database and so on.
You'll learn how to send HTTP requests and also how to transform data
if you need to. You might remember that observables section where I gave you a first introduction to that,
now we'll take a closer look.